ㄎㄎ..ㄎㄎ
Naughty
Nie will lose
The rules are as simple as this
Keep me up to date!
You are still having a cold meal there, Felix? How many times do you have to fry?
How many Laozis do how hot!
let's start
let us
Dad pulls out!
Dad pull
YESSSSSSSS
Another classic loud voice is a funny idiot demonstration
Just 4 loud! Hahaha
Two ounces (=56g) of vodka
after that...
Is this true? XD?
Two ounces of vodka
By the waist this is really XDDD
It doesn't matter, I think this should be taken as the benchmark for Russia's daily life.
So I think this is quite normal, so it’s not funny.
we
Never~~
Surrender RRRRRRRRRR
That smug smile wwww
we
Never~~
Surrender RRRRRRRR
That is a beautiful smile, how did he do it?
Nose hair!
Ok, DER, we don’t want to bend around.
This anime is really pretty good at the moment and it has quite potential
I also hope that it will not be like the previous A-1 Pictures tradition that we hoped for.
Translator: This is the treasure of Long Niang's seven seven seven burial.
I know these works欸
How many episodes does this have? Oh, very good.
Hot, I am more interested in this part.
Hey! This is a good meeting.
Dream Heart 2 (PSO2)
Terraria
Iron fist series
OK
Wait, how did you get the combo off?
You are just a landlord + home 蹲
You eat pudding and play games all day long.
Then you hit me three times and gave me this combo?
No, I don’t want to hear you explain you.
2 quick combos and 1 counterattack to let the enemy fall to the ground
And you have two consecutive combos and then slammed
Will only cause minor injuries
Mishima 18 is a super good connection skill欸
Then you use this role to give me a combo like this?
Then this is three small? Knock on the floor?
Then she gave me a roll on the ground.
Are you just madly pressing the squares and triangles?
You fucking DSP
Awesome
I don’t know where it’s good.
Really, I am looking forward to this part when I look at the front.
Now I don't know what to think about.
喔喔~ It sounds like an egg fox
The fox fox always likes to steal our stuff.
If you see the fox...
Then call your avatar!
Euler, Ola, Oula, Ola, Ola, Oula, Eurasian
Oh my god
Seek the full version! Please, please!
This is really amazing!
Hey, I have seen this.
Why are they falling all the time?
Why is it down?
Is this a acting or is it?
Why do they have to fall down all the time!
Don't fall down again!!!!!
This is the thing I watch most often.
This fucking is strange enough
Look at your beach without a lifeguard
I am not at the beach, I am in the bathtub!
This acting is great enough DER
I think it’s Tommy Wiseau’s role as a screenwriter.
I am not at the beach, I am in the bathtub!
Miss, please, please.
I saw that there is no lifeguard on your beach.
I am not at the beach, I am in the bathtub!
I am not at the beach, I am in the bathtub!!
No lifeguards are not safe in the water
Miss is only 2 feet (60 cm) deep.
You can relax
You are safe now, your lifeguard is here
OK...
*哔*
There are sharks coming out of the water!
What? Shark?
Come out from the water
shark?
There are sharks in the water
No sharks in the bathtub
Wait
There will be no sharks in the bathtub.
I think you are playing me.
Do you feel very happy, there are lifeguards to save you?
I guess
What are you waiting for?
This is really amazing enough, ww, I don't understand.
What happened in the end w
What happened there~
Parking a fucking give me fucking parking
Thank you very much for your monitoring.
Do you fucking or not understand people?
Hui
How are we fucking so far?
Bad, no oil
No~
嘿~(超小声)
Oh~ this guy is really wwwww
Bad, no oil
No~
I like that noise!
嘿~~~~
Oh~ This is really great, right?
(How to make a game)
(Load the last game map .exe)
(Replace the last new map. cum)
(copy)
I think this is what they want to say how to make a game.
(DLC)
Hey! If you want a full game, just buy me DLC.
Don't be stingy.
Let's take a small piece of ww from it.
(pre-purchase bonus)
Oh~wow
All that has been done for us is awesome
Master masterpiece
Um, this is very beautiful.
I will say that I am doing well.
Do I seem to know what is JEPG (image distortion)?%$#^%H%T^&^%
This almost made me laugh and did a good job.
Do I seem to know what is JEPG?%$#^%H%T^&^%
This is fundamentally w is not funny w
Hey... the fun place about this game is
You can draw the second child
Use the amplitude produced by your voice
This is really hard
This GG is not bad
Yes~ Tiana
I must try this.
I must try this ok
Not ~ dry
Ok, this is the ugly chicken.
Let me try again
dry
This is hard enough
This is actually not bad.
I feel that I am getting better.
dry
I knew I knew it!
I know that I have this talent in front of it that is perfect.
My old swan
I know that I am really talented.
This is this!
I saw that there is no lifeguard on your beach.
I am not at the beach, I am in the bathtub.
No lifeguards are not safe in the water
Not so funny at all
This is another episode where you laugh and lose.....
I hope that you have enjoyed this episode as usual.
Remember to press and like this will help me a lot.
Thank you very much
If you have other funny videos
I have a Reddit that allows you to contribute.
If you want me to laugh
So one...must be
Send it to me because I won't...
I am looking very tired of myself.
I don't want to do the work of these fucking exhausted people.
thank you
I hate that I hate doing this.
But if you think these are not funny
Then you come to prove that I am wrong.
Come and send me those really funny things ok?
How are you? What do you think? How about the blind?
Thank you very much, I am really super excited, you DER
Small players retreat